---
layout: post
title: Dr. Hidetomo SAKAINO
categories: advisery
image: Sakaino.jpeg
link: 
---
Hidetomo Sakaino (M’11–SM’16) received the B.S. and M.S. degrees in nuclear engineering and biomedical engineering from Hokkaido University, Japan, in 1986 and 1988, respectively, and the Ph.D. degree in engineering from the University of Tokyo, Japan, in 2011. In 1988, he joined the Human Interface Labs., Nippon Telegraph and Telephone (NTT) Corporation. In 1990, he joined the Advanced Telecommunications Research Institute International. He joined the NTT Communication Science Labs, the NTT Energy and Environment Systems Labs, and the NTT Network Technology Labs in 2001, 2006, and 2016, respectively. In 2016, he joined the Image Research Center, Huawei Technology Japan, as a Principle Engineer. In 2018, he was a full-time employee and also an Expert at Weathernews Inc., Japan. His main research interests include computer vision, image processing, video processing, nonlinear signal processing, statistics, deep learning, and energy optimization, especially in the understanding of real world changes. His research areas include physics-based modeling from optical flow, image synthesis, image prediction, image quality enhancement, learning and recognition, and stochastic tracking. His computer vision-based weather-radar image prediction method has been launched commercially in Japan. He has published over 40 papers in peer-reviewed journals and conferences, and holds over 150 issued patents including international patents in USA, Germany, and France. He is a Senior Member of the IEEE Multimedia Communication Society Multimedia Communications Technical Committee. He was a recipient of the IEEE Honorable Mention Paper from the IEEE Intersociety Conference on Thermal and Thermomechanical Phenomena in Electronic Systems in 2016.